> This repository hosts the Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) calculations for the Nature article ["Geminal-atom catalysis for cross-coupling"](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41586-023-06529-z).  
>
> Abstract:  
> Single-atom catalysts (SACs) have well-defined active sites, making them of potential interest for organic synthesis. However, the architecture of these mononuclear
metal species stabilized on solid supports may not be optimal for catalysing complex molecular transformations owing to restricted spatial environment and electronic
quantum states. Here we report a class of heterogeneous geminal-atom catalysts (GACs), which pair single-atom sites in specific coordination and spatial proximity.
Regularly separated nitrogen anchoring groups with delocalized π-bonding nature in a polymeric carbon nitride (PCN) host permit the coordination of Cu geminal sites with a ground-state separation of about 4 Å at high metal density. The adaptable coordination of individual Cu sites in GACs enables a cooperative bridge-coupling pathway through dynamic Cu–Cu bonding for diverse C–X (X = C, N, O, S) cross-couplings with a low activation barrier. In situ characterization and quantum-theoretical studies show that such a dynamic process for cross-coupling is triggered by the adsorption of two different reactants at geminal metal sites, rendering homo-coupling unfeasible. These intrinsic advantages of GACs enable the assembly of heterocycles with several coordination sites, sterically congested scaffolds and pharmaceuticals with highly specific and stable activity. Scale-up experiments and
translation to continuous flow suggest broad applicability for the manufacturing of fine chemicals.